Starting with sventon release 2.5.x programmatic reload of configuration files is now supported. This can be useful if one whishes to automate adding or removing repositories to a running instance of sventon.

The functionality is limited to ''adding'' and ''removing'' repositories. Renaming is not supported; renaming an already configured repository has undefined results.

==Adding and removing directories by updating the configuration files==

===Adding a repository===
# Create a new directory below the `sventon_config/<context root>/` directory. The name of this directory will be the name of the configured repository in sventon. Whitespace is not supported in the directory name.
# Add a sventon properties file to the newly created directory. The name of the file must be `sventon.properties`. 

See [SventonProperties sventon.properties] and [SventonConfigurationDirectoryLayout Sventon Configuration Directory Layout] for further information.

===Removing a repository===
# Rename the `sventon.properties` file of the repository you would like to delete to `sventon.properties_bak`.

By renaming the properties file it is marked for deletion. When reloading the configuration repositories marked for deletion will be deleted by sventon.

It is allowed to add and remove more than one repository at the same time.

==Enabeling this feature==

This feature must first be enbled by editing the file `WEB-INF/applicationContext.xml`. Change the property `configurationReloadSupported` to `true`.

==API==

After making changes to the configuration files, the following very simple REST like API can be used to reload the configuration:

*Method:* `GET`

*Resource:* `/config/reload`

*Responses:*

`200 OK` - Configuration reloaded.

`403 FORBIDDEN` - Configuration reload is disabled (see above).

`500 INTERNAL SERVER ERROR` - The server encountered an error while trying to reload the configuration files.

Along with the HTTP status codes a short text message in english is also returned.
