=sventon Configuration Directory Layout=

Repository configuration files and log files for sventon are per default stored under the a root directory called `sventon_config`. This page describes the layout of this file hierarchy.

==Where is it?==
Per default this directory is stored in the temp directory of the web container. E.g. when using Apache Tomcat the directory is stored in `<tomcat_home>`/temp

==Layout==
This is a typical layout of the config directory for a sventon instance configured for browsing two repositories, `repository1` (with caching enabled) and `repository2` (with caching disabled). The file and directory names reflect default names, if these have been changed the names below will be different.
{{{
sventon config/
  |
  + svn/
     |
     + export_temp/
     |
     + repositories/
     |  |
     |  + repository1/
     |  |  |
     |  |  + sventon_config.properties
     |  |  |
     |  |  + cache
     |  |
     |  + repository2/
     |     |
     |     + sventon_config.properties
     |
     + sventon.log
}}}

===svn/===
This is the context root directory, named after the context root path given to this sventon instance, e.g. the name of the WAR-file. Per default this is svn. If more than one instance is deployed there will be one directory per instance.

===export_temp/===
Directory for temporarily storing zip files for download created in sventon, if enabled. Files in this directory are regularily cleaned out by the application.

===repositories/===
Directory containing one directory per configured svn repository. The directory name matches exactly the name given the repository during configuration, and is also the name shown in the GUI.

===repository1/===
Configuration directory for `repository1`

===sventon_config.properties===
Properties file for this repository, see [SventonProperties  sventon.properties]

===cache/===
Directory containing caching data and search indices. May contain subdirectories.

===sventon.log===
Application log file.